First Time Authentication Setup via SSH Key------
NOTE: Before starting, make sure to switch your VSCode terminal to Bash.
-In your VSCode terminal, type in "ssh-keygen" and press enter (type "y" to accept).
-Issue the command "cd home/(username)/.ssh/" then cat the .pub file you generated.
-Take the full line output from the cat over to your GitHub profile settings page.
-On your profile settings page on the lefthand sidebar, find "SSH and GPG keys"
and enter that subpage, where you can paste in the new key.

Configuring & Using Git--------------------------
Start by installing git from the official git website (don't try to use the posh module).
Once git is installed, restart VSCode. Then issue the following commands in order:

1. "git init -b main" to initialize your directory you're working in.
2. "git add ." to track files between VSCode and the github repository.
3. "git commit -m "commit message as desired"
4. "git branch -M main"
5. "git remote add origin git@github.com:(GitHub_Username)/(repository_name).git"
NOTE: Despite GitHub still offering the option to leverage HTTPS UN/PWD based auth,
you ultimately need to use SSH in the long run for better security/simplicity.
6. "git push -u origin main" which pushes our changes to our repository.
NOTE: All subsequent pushes can be done just via "git push".

And you're done! You should be ready for "git pushes" to your github repository.

Troubleshooting----------------------------------
Tip: If you tried installing posh-git but then tried uninstalling the module and receieve
an error message each POSH startup, just look up your variable $PROFILE and track down the
file it lists, then remove the "import git-module" from your profile file.

NOTE: If gitignore is failing to ignore files such as the included terraform provider file or
another executable, you'll need to delete the "git" folder from the project using file explorer
(making sure to reveal hidden items) then run a "git init" to reinitialize the directory.

NOTE: If you receive the error "'terraform does not appear to be a git repository, could not read
from remote repository" you may need this cmd:
git push --set-upstream terraform main

NOTE: If you receive an error "Author identity unknown" then modify the gitconfig file located
in the directory you installed Git in (default is ProgramFiles\Git\etc) and in that gitconfig file,
make sure to add the following lines at the bottom (with indentations):
[user]
    name = (your exact name as listed on github)
    email = (email associated with your github login)

NOTE: If your local VSCode is behind the remote branch (the repository's main branch in GitHub) perform
the following steps if you just want your machine to match the remote exactly.

git fetch --all
git reset --hard origin/main
git clean -fd

What this does:
    fetch → gets the latest remote commits
    reset --hard → makes your local branch identical to the remote
    clean -fd → removes untracked files/folders
